Common Network Service Attack
Methods
Now that we understand how to
create effective wordlists
for various situations,
we can discuss how they can be
used for password attacks
against common network
services.
Bear in mind that password
attacks
against network services
are noisy,
and in some cases, dangerous.
Multiple failed login attempts
will usually generate logs
and warnings on the target
system
and may even lock out accounts
after a pre-defined number
of failed login attempts.
Keep this in mind before
blindly running
a network-based brute
force attack.
Once we’ve weighed the risks
and considered the well-being
of the target network,
we can take several steps to
improve the efficiency
of our password tests.
Depending on the protocol
and password cracking tool,
we can increase the number
of login threads
to boost the speed
of an attack.
However, in some cases,
increasing the number of threads
may not be possible due to
protocol restrictions,
and our optimization attempt
could instead slow down
the process.
On top of this, it’s worth
noting
that the authentication
negotiation process
for protocols such as RDP
are more time-consuming
than, say, HTTP.
The hidden art behind network
service password attacks
is choosing appropriate targets,
user lists, and password files
carefully and intelligently
before initiating the attack.
To successfully attack a
password on a network service,
we must not only match the
target username and password,
but also honor the protocol used
in the authentication process.
Fortunately, popular tools such
as THC-Hydra, Medusa, Crowbar,
and spray can handle these
authentication requests for us.
In this section, we’ll examine
each of these tools and
weigh their effective protocol
and service-handling capabilities.
These tools mostly have similar
capabilities and speeds.
The “correct” tool to use often
depends
on the preferred syntax and
output format.
This can only be determined by
experimenting with each tool
in a test environment and
learning the strengths,
weaknesses, and idiosyncrasies
of each.